(LIVELY ROCK MUSIC
PLAYING ON WALKMAN)
But how did I lose? My
bike's twice as good as his.
Yeah. well. you see
that's the thing. Shawn.
Sure your bike looks great with all
these ridiculous reflectors and gadgets
from a year's worth
of cereal box tops.
but Gus here focused on
what's important. hard work.
I'm sorry. son. but he
just out-pedaled you.
You understand?
I think so.
(RINGING)
I've got it.
I had the wrong song playing
that time. Best two out of three.
(SIGHS)
I know what you're
trying to do. Shawn.
And it's not gonna
work. I'm not buying.
Oh. it's on now.
(GROANS)
On three. One. two...
Let go of my chair. Shawn.
The wheels. they're stuck
together. Get off. Shawn.
Listen. you two...
Did you see who won?
I beat him. didn't I?
No. No. Two out of three.
Ha! That means
I beat him. right?
Unlike everyone else around
here. I'm not fooled by the fact
that you wear grown-up clothes.
have mastered the rudimentary
levels of communication.
and somehow manage
to feed yourselves.
I see you for what
you are. Children.
So do me a favor and let
the grownups do their work.
I think I have a boo-boo.
(SIGHS)
Speaking of boo-boos.
you wouldn't happen to have any extra
unsolved cases lying around. would you?
Spencer. there is just
no easy way to tell you
that I consider you a waste of
this department's time and energy.
Huh. I guess there
was an easy way.
But. actually. I've got less
patience for you today than normal.
See. I received an invitation
to give a presentation
at Twenty-one-LES.
Twenty-first Century
Law Enforcement Seminar.
Oh. Yes. Oh.
We know that better
as 21 Saint-Cent-LES.
I like to call it 21 Cent
Law-Enfo-Summit.
Go ahead. make jokes.
We just did.
You see. kids. I'll be presenting
the cutting edge technology.
the modern tools
for the new detective.
We're talking back-scatter
x-ray scanning. DNA sampling.
sonic weaponry.
You name it. I'm...
That's weird. I
could've sworn that I...
I don't believe it.
Don't believe what?
My car. It's gone. It
was right there. It's...
It's been stolen.
Who would dare steal my car?
Well. here's the good news. It'll
make for an amusing anecdote
during your presentation
at 21 Saint-Cent-LES.
I know. you know That
I'm not telling the truth
I know. you know They
just don't have any proof
Embrace the deception
Learn how to bend
Your worst inhibitions tend
to psych you out in the end
All right. just keep
your mouth shut.
I don't want people to
think anything's wrong.
Morning. O'Connell.
Schwartz. Dobson.
Just rapping with the
fellas. Shooting the breeze.
Sweet. Now they'll
just think it's 1974.
Wait a minute. Is this a prank?
Did you take my car? Is
this some sort of punking?
To think that we
would stoop so low
as to tamper with police-issued
property and defile the institution
that is the Santa Barbara
Police Department.
is an affront to our honor.
(SCOFFS) I for one.
am greatly offended.
And I. for two.
I just don't see how this
could have happened.
(WHISPERS) Did
you? (WHISPERS) No.
Wait! I'm getting something.
What Shawn? What is it?
It's a trace on Lassy's
car. It's faint but clear.
You were recently somewhere where
the security of your car was compromised.
I'm sensing someplace posh.
surprisingly upscale for someone
on half a civil servant's salary.
As it happens. I dined at a very
exclusive restaurant last night.
The type of restaurant
one would take a date to?
Is old Lassy back in the game?
It is none of your business with
whom I spend my personal time.
Now you have to
dish. Is she blond?
Brunette? Mail order?
You sly dog.
Please. I'm not gonna
engage in some sort of
juvenile masculinity contest.
He went by himself. Yeah.
Her name was Polly Smith. 324
Sycamore Lane. We kissed. Ask her.
Polly Smith?
Whoa! Something
happened at that restaurant
that led to your
car being stolen.
I'm sensing red
coats and accents.
The British? No.
The valets. Check the
valet that parked your car.
He may have used the
old key-in-the-putty trick
to get an impression.
Of course. that would
have been my first deduction
had I not been overcoming
this blatant violation.
I'm gonna get right over there.
No. No car. Remember?
You guys are so funny. Oh.
guess what? I just got a new car.
Yours.
Maybe we had a little
too much fun with him.
Maybe.
I have to pee-pee.
Maybe I help you. gentlemen?
The theft of police
property has occurred.
I have reason to believe
the guilty party works here.
Oh. dear.
Well. rest assured. you have
our complete cooperation.
I only ask that you keep your
investigation under wraps. you know.
for appearance sake.
Noted.
Now. I'm gonna need to
sequester your main dining room.
interview your entire valet
staff and possibly your bus boys.
One moment.
Yeah. he's gonna be a problem.
I don't know. He seemed
pretty cooperative.
Your work here is done.
I'm getting my car
back soon enough. Here.
But I'm warning you.
if word of this little incident
gets out at the station.
I will start making things very
difficult for you down there.
You're saying you haven't
even been trying all this time?
Goodbye.
He's not gonna get anywhere
talking to those valets.
They have a very strict code.
I still think you're
thinking about the British.
May have to roll my
sleeves up for this one. Gus.
Actually. I may have to
take off my entire shirt.
Please don't. Oh. Later.
Hi. there.
My name is Shawn Spencer.
I am the head psychic for the
Santa Barbara Police Department.
and I may need to get
a statement from you.
More specifically. the word yes.
Nice try. But I reserve the
right to refuse service to anyone.
That's all right. If my
parents were visiting.
I probably wouldn't
want to waste time
meeting handsome
new strangers. either.
regardless of how smart
or interesting they might be.
My parents are visiting. That was
pretty impressive. You really are psychic.
Sorry. I thought you
were just hitting on me.
Oh. I'm actually
much more interested in
going out with your parents.
I love the Miniatures Museum.
What was it you
needed to ask me about?
Do you recall any
suspicious behavior
from any of the valets
on duty last night?
Now that you mention it. we had
a new guy who started yesterday
but didn't show up this morning.
Bingo. Going to need a
name and a phone number.
Well. of course.
And then I'll give you the
information about the valet.
Get this. the valet's
number is actually a number
to a pay phone
outside of a warehouse.
Yeah. I don't know.
I don't know if it looks like the
warehouse from Blue City. Gus.
You're the only one that
remembers that movie.
What are you. insane? Way more
people saw From the Hip than Blue...
Look. I'm not gonna talk
Judd Nelson right now.
No. Just meet me at the
station in an hour. Thank you.
A warehouse? Sweet.
There's always something happening
on the D.L. inside a warehouse.
You staked it out. right?
I know you staked it out.
Oh. it got staked.
Stook. Staken?
Staked. right? Right.
Right. That's... Yeah.
yeah. It got staked.
You found out what
happened to Lassiter's car?
A whole bunch of cars go in.
but only boxes full
of car parts come out.
Dude. it's a chop shop.
That's big.
Victims. I see victims
everywhere. It's horrible.
Sawed off parts strewn about.
fluid spraying in
every direction.
Oh. dear God. Are we
talking about a serial killer?
I can see the victim's
names. Accord! Look out!
Get out of there! Escalade.
don't let him in the door!
Oh. Camry. you
were too young to go!
Are we talking about cars?
Stolen cars?
The signal's too strong.
I'm getting chopsticks!
Chopped salad? What?
Chop suey! Good God.
Wheelie and the Chopper Bunch!
Does that mean anything to you?
Wheelie and the Chopper Bunch.
Chop shop. It's a chop shop.
Yes. And I see a warehouse. And
cargo containers. And a street sign.
And a little mouse
named Algernon in a maze.
Flower Street.
Flower Street. That's down by
the tracks. We better check this out.
(GASPS)
You know you just
bought that. right?
(WOMAN CHATTERING
ON POLICE RADIO)
Looks like a slam
dunk. Mr. Spencer.
Wally. there. is the ringleader.
And all the evidence we need
to take him down is right here.
I mean stolen parts. serial
numbers. shipment logs. you name it.
Don't need to thank me.
Chief. Just glad to help.
Don't thank him either.
Well. if I can't thank
you. I can't pay you.
Our pleasure. Oh. you're
very welcome. You are.
You know this ring
was responsible
for hundreds of car
thefts around town.
Wally had operatives in places...
Mechanics. valets. car wash attendants.
all copying people's keys and then stealing
their cars from different locations.
Does it say anything in there
about them stealing loose change
or switching the
presets on radios?
'Cause that happens
to me all the time.
Okay. Gus. Go ahead and put
your aluminum foil hat back on.
I'm not paranoid.
Shawn. It happens.
Anyway. I believe this
is a department record
for the fastest bust
ever in a case this size.
Truly. your most efficient work.
OFFICER 1: Nice work. boys.
OFFICER 2: Good work. Shawn.
Oh. stop. That's so unnecessary.
You know. I couldn't help
but notice that a certain vehicle
belonging to a certain head
detective just happens to not be here.
Lassy. we had the
boys from crime scene
move your car up the street right
before you and the Chief arrived.
You're in the clear. tiger.
Thanks.
Although. today is a
street sweeping day.
Did we park on the east side
or the west side of the street?
North side. No. no. no.
wasn't the north side.
Yes. it was. I'd know. Shawn.
I'm good with directions. You're not.
Gus. you have the bearings
of a wounded bumblebee.
Why would...
Uh-oh.
We need to get out of here.
Well. you're certainly
a unique guy. Shawn.
A guy who calls the day he gets
the number and brings flowers.
I stole the flowers
from table one.
They're fake and they smell
vaguely of creamy pesto.
but I'm pretty sure it's
the thought that counts.
And you're good enough
to come and meet me here.
my last free night
before my parents arrive.
Oh. wrapping up this case
was a lot easier than I thought.
And this is one of the biggest
strawberries I've ever seen.
Impressive.
I've been here all day.
so what do you say we take
our dessert back to my place?
I say yes.
Was this too easy?
I beg your pardon?
Nothing. I'm sorry.
Never mind.
I can't believe how
quickly I nailed this.
(SIGHS)
Am I really this good?
Excuse me?
I mean is it possible that...
No. No. nothing like this
has ever happened before.
And nothing's going
to happen tonight either.
How dare you think
that I'm easy? Goodbye.
What? No. No. no. no. no. I'm
not talking about you. This is...
This is something much worse.
It's the first time I've
been wrong about a case.
Gus. I'm telling
you. it was too easy.
Why would this Wally
guy slip up by stealing
a detective's car from in
front of a police station?
That doesn't make
any sense. Sure it does.
One of his guys got sloppy.
Gus. I'm pretty
sure I saw him smile
as they loaded him
into the squad car.
What. he thinks going to
prison is dope? No. Come on.
I think I solved the crime
I was supposed to solve.
not the crime I
should've solved. Okay.
You're not making any sense and I
happen to be busy. so if you don't mind...
What are you
doing? What is this?
What are you going somewhere?
Yes. actually. I am. I
finally have a free weekend.
Which means I get to use the Spa Utopia
package I won for being top sales rep.
It comes complete
with town car and driver.
Gus. you've been bragging
about that award for over a year.
Why go now? Maybe
I kept pushing it back
because I was always
working a second job.
Like when I had to enter
a Civil War reenactment
or when I was protecting a
sorority of pajama-clad coeds.
You're actually
complaining about that?
No. I'm not.
But let's not forget about
the entire week I gave up
riding shotgun to a cat. which. by
the way. was not a boy cat at all.
That's some serious
stress. Shawn.
I have to get a
deep tissue massage
to work out all the
knots in my back.
I call the big one Little Shawn.
Okay. that's the creepiest
thing anyone's ever said to me.
They have a blind masseuse
up there. named Gloria.
I hear she works
wonders. I can't wait.
What is it with
you and the blind?
I remember you went crazy for
that blind sculptor that did your bust.
That was Lionel Richie
in the video for Hello.
Great. Now I'm gonna have
that song stuck in my head.
Good. Goodbye. Shawn.
Chief! We got to reopen
the chop shop case.
I'm pretty sure we
missed something.
First of all. we don't
decide to reopen cases. I do.
That's what I meant.
Morning. Chief. Morning.
(CAR ALARM BEEPING)
Lassiter. Mr. Spencer
seems to think
we might have missed
something in the chop shop case.
No. No. that's an open-and-shut
case if ever I've seen one.
Sorry. Mr. Spencer. but if
you want to reopen the case.
you're gonna need to come
up with some concrete evidence.
We don't devote department
resources to personal whims.
Carlton. I finished
the PowerPoint slides
for your 21 LES presentation.
This is official
department business?
Oh. you're right. Helvetica
is a much better font.
I know. See how the "M"
in double murder suicide
just jumps off the page?
Okay.
Is there anyone left that I can
actually speak to about this case?
Like I said. there's still quite
a few unanswered questions.
Well. what can I say? You
guys got me fair and square.
That's just it.
What kind of chop shop artist steals
a cop's car and doesn't chop it up?
It's almost like you
wanted to leave a trail.
Leave a trail or don't leave a
trail. it wouldn't do any good.
You guys caught me quick.
snap. mind of a cheetah!
I was like. "What?" Cops
were like. "Wham! Miranda!"
Yeah. Well. there's
still some questions.
For instance. why haven't
you posted bail. Wally?
Oh. it's all good.
You know. I'm gonna just do
my time with good behavior.
and go on with my life.
Till then I'm like. "My bad."
And the court's like.
"Get in that cell." Justice.
Okay. Let's try this again.
GUARD: Prisoner
1906. visiting time is over.
Got to go.
Your massage therapist will
be right with you. Mr. Guster.
In the meantime.
please relax and hydrate.
Thank you.
(SIGHS)
Excuse me. Excuse
me. do you mind?
Shawn. what are
you doing here? Sorry.
Shawn. what are you doing here?
Trust me. The way today's
going. I need to relax. too.
I can't get the Chief
to reopen the case.
I already...
I already told you. I'm
not helping you either.
You will when you
hear this. What?
I visited Wally in prison.
You went to the pen?
I went to the joint.
You went to the clink?
According to the visitors' log.
the only other person who dropped
by to see Wally was Jonny G.
Who turns out to be the Jonny G
of Jonny G's Bling It
On Custom Auto Shop.
So all he's guilty
of is a bad pun?
Hardly. First Wally gets
arrested for running a chop shop.
then he gets visited by Jonny G.
who works in custom auto parts.
Adds a whole new
angle to the case. Gus.
Well. is Jonny G dirty. too?
What's the "G" stand for?
Was Wally working for him?
What other criminal
nonsense are they up to?
Man. we may have just uncovered
the tip of the iceberg here.
That's all you've got?
That and this.
It burns.
Sitting here listening
to you right now.
Little Shawn just got bigger.
I beg your pardon? No. thanks.
Fine.
What time are you
seeing that blind chick?
Gloria can't see me.
Dude. I know how
being blind works.
I mean she's booked. Shawn.
I had to book with this girl
named Kelly. I hope she's good.
Mr. Guster? Are you
ready for your massage?
Kelly?
Call me Kel.
You know what. Kel?
I forgot I have another
appointment I have to go to.
Thanks for your time.
(WHISPERING) Yo.
Dude. that dude's shoulders
looked like two little baby heads.
I know.
Okay. I'll help. but I
must be back in two hours.
That's when I booked
the isolation chamber.
Sweet. We'll take your town car.
You're not naked
under there. are you?
Naked and unashamed.
Man! I'll be outside.
How are we gonna get this
information out of Jonny G?
The dude thinks we're
customers. Gus. It's a perfect cover.
I don't get it. Who wastes
money tricking out a car?
It's frivolous and ridiculous.
Not to mention. it compromises
the integrity of the vehicle.
Yo. Shawn. Yo. looking
good. man. What's up. homie?
Jonny G. how are
you? I'm good. man.
This is my friend.
Ovaltine Jenkins.
Oh. respect. What's
up? What's happening?
Peace. man.
Yo. check it out. Your
ride is fresh to death.
I always do the last checks
myself. you know what I mean?
Just to make sure it meets
specs. Know what I mean?
Yeah. I do know what you
mean. You know what I mean?
(TRILLING)
What ride?
This one.
GUS: What? My car!
Shawn! I told you it
was the perfect cover.
That is fresh to death!
(HIP HOP MUSIC
PLAYING ON CAR STEREO)
This is a company car. Shawn.
I have to visit clients in this.
Would you relax? I can't believe
you spent all our money from
the chop shop case on this.
What? You couldn't
find any magic beans?
A Jack and the Beanstalk
reference. really?
You wasted our money.
I reinvested in business. Gus.
Once we figure out what's
up with Jonny G's shop.
and re-solve the case.
we'll get another check.
And you want to know what
we're gonna to do with it?
Party like it's 1999?
No. We're gonna...
Party. Shawn.
Karamu? Fiesta? No!
We're gonna spend that money
turning my car back
to the way it was.
All right.
But I still don't see why
you won't drive it like this.
Because it's embarrassing.
Embarrassing?
Dude. this is sweet.
This is fresh to death.
If you won't enjoy it. I will.
(MUSIC PLAYING LOUDER)
What's up. ladies?
Nice ride. That's hot.
Thank you.
You're hot! You're so hot!
Get out of my seat.
You said you
didn't want to drive.
It's my ride.
Shawn. I'm driving.
Yeah.
Just get us to the station.
I got to convince the Chief to let us
snoop around Jonny G's operations.
(POLICE SIREN WAILING)
What now?
(WOMAN CHATTERING
ON POLICE RADIO)
I'm gonna need
your license and...
Oh. hey. Oops. I didn't
know it was you guys.
Sorry. but in this car you
just happened to fit a profile.
I'm really sorry to
bother you guys.
Mauler! Heel! Heel!
Now I'm really. really sorry.
He's just a trainee for K-9 unit.
Obviously. he's not gonna
make it. Sorry again. fellas.
And. Gus. Mauler barks at
all cars. Not just blue ones.
Uh-huh.
JULIET: Carlton. it's here.
Is this the new nano-material
vest we ordered for 21 LES?
Yes. It's gonna kill.
The Kev-Tech 7000 is made
with nano-material polymers
that give it enough strength
to stop a tank mortar shell.
I can't wait to try it out.
Oh. no. no. no.
The last time you got to be
incapacitated by the sonic gun.
Now. it's my turn.
Let go. O'Hara. Oh. come on.
Okay. drop... Drop
it! Just let me try it.
I've had just about
enough of the two of you.
You can both be shot.
just sign the waivers.
(CUCKOOING)
Sonny was a cuckoo bird.
Clearly he was
cuckoo for something.
Cocoa Puffs. Exactly.
I always thought it
was Cuckoo Puffs.
No. Sonny is cuckoo for
the puffs. which are cocoa.
That's why the milk turns
all brown and chocolaty.
Oh. I was never allowed to
eat that stuff when I was a kid.
That's why I don't
have any cavities.
(CLEARS THROAT)
So. are we having cereal?
Yes. But I'm getting more.
9459687. 7635452. 250960.
Are these serial numbers?
Yes. but there's more.
I see shiny rims.
spoilers. hammered rims...
Spencer. is this
about the chop shop?
'Cause we told you
the case is closed.
Now. hold on. This is
very specific information.
(SIGHS)
O'Hara. run the
numbers by the crime lab.
just to make sure we didn't
miss anything in the sweep.
And you better not be wasting
department time. Mr. Spencer.
Because if you are. we'll be
using this new vest on you.
That's a great idea. Thank you.
Because that way it's a plus
for me whether they work or fail.
It better not take long for
Juliet to run those numbers.
It won't.
I already missed all of yesterday
on this already solved case.
This is my last day to enjoy
my vacation. You don't realize
how much stress I've
been under these past few...
(HIP HOP MUSIC PLAYING)
I'm not playing. Shawn. I never
get to do anything for myself!
I'm getting that massage.
And. yes. I'll be naked and
unashamed under my robe
while they rub
Little Shawn down!
Wait. it wasn't like that!
(GRUNTING)
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Jules. what do you got
on those serial numbers?
Well. the good news is they
tracked them to car parts.
The bad news is. the parts were
purchased legitimately for Bling It On.
And the even worse news
is that Lassiter wants to
know what size vest you wear.
Very funny. Thanks for
making my life more challenging.
The car parts at
the shop are legit?
Looks that way.
There must be something else
going on down there that we're missing.
besides selling
stolen car parts.
We got to get back down
there and look for clues.
I don't know about you.
but I'm still on vacation.
Uh-oh. Looks like
something's wrong
with your in-dash DVD navigation
and integrated surround-sound-system.
That was my speedometer.
Now. I can't see how fast I'm going.
Regardless. we've got to
take it back to Jonny G to fix.
Hey. dude. is Jonny G around?
Don't know. We've been busy.
What are you working on there?
Getting this fleet
ready to ship to Arizona.
Okay. thanks. And stealth mode.
What are we looking for. anyway?
Anything that points
to criminal activity.
You know. a white cloth
sack with a green dollar sign.
A red barrel labeled
TNT. An anvil. anything.
Check this out.
What. you already
have something?
The point of those examples was
to imply it wouldn't be so obvious.
Look how light it is.
Awesome. Flava Flav
can wear it around his neck.
Flav wears clocks.
not rims. Shawn.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Why didn't you put
your phone on vibrate?
Dad. this is not a good... Whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa. Okay. relax.
I will be right there.
We got to go.
Go? We either need to
be working on this case
or I need to be
back on my vacation.
He said he needed
me there immediately.
I've never heard him sound this
urgent. I hope everything's okay.
HENRY: Here. Scale.
This was the urgent emergency?
Yeah.
Got to get these on the
grill before it's too late.
I can't believe you had me
rush down here for this. Dad.
I thought something was actually
wrong with you. What's wrong with you?
You do remember how to
scale. don't you. Shawn?
Yes. I remember how to scale.
You only made me do it
a thousand times as a kid.
A kid who didn't believe in
animal cruelty. by the way.
Well. those animals would've
killed you dead given the means.
All right. you scrape the
scales. you don't bruise the flesh.
You make an incision
around the gill and you filet.
Down the spine.
Ah. very good. You do remember.
And. Gus. you remember
where the bathroom is.
You're taking me away from
very important work right now.
I'll have you know I'm on the
verge of uncovering something big.
really big. huge.
Did you ever have a
case you couldn't crack?
Yeah. Yeah. sure. Of
course. More than a few.
But a good detective
learns the most
when he doesn't get the bad guy.
No. I got the bad guy.
Oh. well. sometimes he gets off.
But a good detective
doesn't let that get him down.
No. he's still in jail.
Matter of fact. Chief Vick
even says it's my best work.
All right. then
what's the problem?
It doesn't feel like my
best work. you know?
It feels too easy. Did you
ever have that problem?
No. Shawn. I don't recall
any champagne problems
like things being too easy.
I don't know.
I just imagine my best work would
be more complicated. you know?
More intricate. important
and just more. you know. more.
As always.
you go after something for
the flash. for the excitement.
and when you finally get
it. you're never satisfied.
It always needs something more.
That is categorically untrue.
Your best case.
what does it need?
It needs more excitement.
Your first bike. what did
it need? More reflectors.
Well. Shawn. did you
ever stop and think
that maybe it's your
expectations that need to change?
Son. look at me. Look. Shawn.
Sometimes a case is just a case.
(BARKING)
He's just a
trainee for K-9 unit.
Wait a second. wait a
second. I just figured it out.
Wait. wait. don't.
Shawn. don't do this.
Oh. this is much
bigger than we thought.
And I was right all along.
Shawn. don't you dare. Don't
you dare learn a wrong lesson
while I'm trying to
teach you a right lesson.
Look how light it is.
We're getting this fleet
ready to ship to Arizona.
Shawn. stop. stop. stop.
stop. stop trying to figure it out.
Stop jumping! I can't
help it. It all makes sense.
Gus. we gotta go!
I'll explain on the way.
Shawn. Shawn. you should
be happy with a job well done
regardless of the
excitement that it produces.
Is that it?
Yeah. that's it.
Is it a tight knot right
under the shoulder blade?
Yeah. How did you know?
SHAWN: Gus!
Jonny G is smuggling drugs
out of state inside of car parts.
That's why those rims at
the office were so light. dude.
They were hollow. That's
how he gets the drugs out.
And some of that residue
must have gotten on your car.
which is why that police dog
went crazy barking at the wheels.
That's what Wally's
been covering for all along.
He's just a fall guy. Jonny
G's running the real operation.
Drug trafficking.
We need to make
it back to that shop
before the evidence
leaves for Arizona. Let's go!
Damn it. We're too late.
Somebody's here.
(COMPRESSOR
HUMMING) Oh. Jonny G!
Yo. Jonny!
Yoo-hoo.
(SCREAMING IN HIGH PITCH)
Dude. his foot is still
on the accelerator.
Stop. This isn't funny.
You stop.
I can't.
The nitrous oxide
canister is open.
Laughing gas? That stuff
is deadly in high doses.
At least. we know what
the cause of death is.
I can't believe Jonny
G went out like that.
The police suspect foul play.
but so far they have no leads.
All while I was on lock down?
I guess I ended up with a
better sentence than Jonny G did.
Irony.
We still have a few questions.
What do you know about a shipment
of custom cars on its way to Arizona?
We were partners.
but Jonny G was involved in a
lot of stuff I didn't know about.
If I ask questions. he'd be like.
"None of your..." I'd be like. "Okay."
Relegated.
So. you're saying
you weren't involved with
the custom car shop at all?
I'm saying I was just a
front man for the chop shop.
And now I'm doing my
time. but when I get out.
crime's gonna be like. "Come
out and play. Wally. Come on."
I'll be like. "No. Wally
doesn't live here anymore."
Re-assimilated.
(GUARD KNOCKING)
Time's up.
Dude. I'm starting to think
I was wrong about Wally.
When? The first time
or the second time?
Both.
I think he's the mastermind
behind this whole drug thing
and Jonny G's murder.
Well. Wally was in
jail when Jonny G died.
Yeah. He made sure of that.
This is a little awkward.
Yeah. Let's get out of here.
Wally made it easy
for us to catch him
because he wanted
to get thrown in jail.
That way. he'd be locked up
when he murdered Jonny G.
Which would give
him the perfect alibi.
With Jonny G out of the way. Wally assumes
sole control of the custom car shop.
And a secret drug operation.
(IN FAKE BRITISH ACCENT)
Hello. motive. my old friend.
Get this.
according to
public court records.
Wally posted bail this morning.
Why wait until now?
Dude. because the big
drug deal goes down today!
But we don't know when or where.
(SIGHS)
Oh. yes. we do. Yes. we do.
You call Fleet Feat Trucking.
Find out if they're making
any custom car deliveries today.
Find out when and where. I'll go get
Jules and Lassy. Dude. we got this!
CARLTON: As you'll see the tools in
the arsenal of the modern day detective
are formidable to say the least.
Lights. please. Enjoy.
I pretended to be
Jonny G's lawyer.
got the trucking company to
tell me that a fleet from Bling It On
is expected to be
dropped off at 2:30.
I wrote the location down.
This says. in the
middle of a field.
Why did you have
to write that down?
The address is on the back.
Nice.
We don't have a lot of time.
CARLTON: Lights. please. No.
Scientific advancements. and
the mapping of the human genome.
and the manipulation of the
building blocks of matter itself
have taken law enforcement
into the 21st century and beyond.
Thank you.
Thanks very much. So.
are there any questions?
Yes.
I thought you were gonna show
some new law enforcement techniques.
We've seen all
these things on CSI.
Well. I can assure you that
this technology represents the
latest available to police departments.
Oh. now you're onto
something. Lassy!
Spencer? Okay. nobody
called for a psychic.
Psychic? Awesome.
I'm getting a reading
here. It's strange.
Gus. what is this? I think
you may be magnetized.
(GROANING)
(SCREAMING)
Give me.
Right in the middle
of my presentation.
(GROANING) Is he
police sanctioned?
Yes. Yes. he is.
Because we at the Santa
Barbara Police Department
believe in using every tool in
our arsenal to combat crime.
In fact. Mr. Spencer here is
often under my jurisdiction.
(PANTING) Wait.
I'm getting a location.
It's an abandoned
railroad track. but why?
Please. tell me. spirits of cutting
edge law enforcement technology.
I'm getting Michael Douglas.
Catherine Zeta-Jones.
the always under-appreciated
Don Cheadle.
You know that's right. Traffic.
(GROANING)
(IN FAKE CUBAN ACCENT)
"Say hello to my little friend!"
Scarface!
Oh. movies about drugs.
Yes. Drugs!
There must be a giant drug
deal going down there right now.
We can send a squad
car over to check it out.
Fine. There's no time. It's
happening in 10 minutes.
We have to go now.
We can't get
there in 10 minutes.
I can. Let's roll.
CARLTON: Fine.
(SCREAMING) Can we come?
Yes. of course. you can come.
You wait out front and
we'll pull around for you.
(EXCLAIMING)
It's been a pleasure
doing business with you.
(POLICE SIRENS
BLARING) Thank you.
Get up against the car! Turn
around! Up against the car!
Look we were just having
a business transaction.
I was like. "Here are your
automotive parts. good sir."
And he was like.
"Please. take my money."
Capitalism.
Come on.
Oh. Wally. selling
custom car parts is legal.
Killing Jonny G to take over
his drug operation. not legal.
I'm laughing. Ha
ha ha! Entertained.
Well. we try. Makes
perfect sense. though.
Knowing how much you resented
Jonny G for not including you
in the real business
down at the shop. Huh?
Jonny G was involved in a
lot of stuff I didn't know about.
If I asked questions. he'd be like.
"None of your..." I'd be like. "Okay."
Relegated.
You figured out a
way to take him out
and take over his
entire enterprise.
Got yourself arrested
because you knew
that in jail you'd have the perfect
alibi when Jonny G showed up dead.
CARLTON: Who
would dare steal my car?
Brilliantly planned
this murder beforehand
knowing that Jonny
G is a creature of habit.
I always do the
final checks myself.
just to make sure
it meets the specs.
You know what I mean?
That he personally inspects
every single car on the day
that it's supposed to be delivered
and that he is very. very thorough.
So you figured out which canister
of nitrous oxide he'd be using
and rigged it so it would
leak when the gauge red-lined.
Very creative. But unlike
last time. there's no evidence.
The People's burden.
I'm sorry. Jules. what was that?
Oh. I didn't say anything.
You didn't say anything? No.
Who's the chatty
Kathy? Back there in...
Nothing? Who's talking?
Somebody that saw
everything go down.
Well. who is...
Who is that? Who...
It's Bessie. It's
Bessie the Mustang.
She's a female Mustang.
That doesn't make any sense.
Technically. that would
make her a... What?
That would be a filly.
A filly. everyone.
Bessie is technically a
filly. She... I'm sorry. what?
He put his what in your what?
Check inside Bessie's wheels.
Check inside her wheels.
Okay. stop. you don't have a
warrant. That's illegal seizure.
Bill of Rights.
Very suspicious behavior.
Probable cause.
Nice. Jules.
There's drugs. SHAWN: Uh-oh.
You are under arrest.
but this time. it's for drug
trafficking and murder.
I guess that's three strikes.
Legislated.
Oh. nice. Gus.
(TRILLING)
Oh! Oh. we deserve this.
Oh. tell me about it.
Hey. dude. Hey.
Yeah. We'd like to schedule a
couple of massages with Gloria.
I'm sorry. but
Gloria's still booked.
The only slot she has
available is a couples' session.
No. That's fine.
I mean. no way.
Thank you.
What's wrong with you?
Weren't you the one who said she's
so amazing? Figured it was worth it.
Me and you in the same room with just
a towel between us? Not gonna happen.
She's blind. I'm not. That's
naked and ashamed. Shawn.
Maybe you're ashamed.
Naked and ashamed.
You're ashamed. I'm
not ashamed. Shawn.
You're full of shame. I am not.
In between the lines
there's a lot of obscurity
I'm not inclined to
resign to maturity
If it's all right then
you're all wrong
But why bounce around
to the same damn song?
You'd rather run
when you can't crawl
I know. you know That
I'm not telling the truth
I know. you know They
just don't have any proof
Embrace the deception
Learn how to bend
Your worst inhibitions tend
to psych you out in the end
I know. you know